Added PickupType in Availability block from them to us (#193)
MewsSystems/gitbook-channel-manager-api: mews-operations/availabilityBlock.md

| `booker` | [`Customer`](./reservations.md#customer) object | required | The main booker. This does not mean that the person has arrived at the property. |
| `company` | [`Company`](./reservations.md#company) object | optional | The company associated with the availability block. |
| `notes` | `string` | optional | Notes related to the availability block. |

> | `pickupType`| [`PickupType`](#pickupType) object | required | PickupType of the block. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `pickupType`| [`PickupType`](#pickupType) object | required | Specifies how new reservations in block should be picked up. |
```

@MikeAdamsMews for copy? "pick up reservation in block" is a hospitality term

* `Updated`
* `Canceled`

> #### PickupType
> * `AllInOneGroup`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### PickupType

* `AllInOneGroup`
```
